PRACTICE QUIZ ARE NOT INCLUDED
WEEK-1
Check Your Understanding: "What You Offer the World"

1.Functional Skills
2.True
3.Computers,English
4.True
5.Courteous,Responsible,Creative

Assessment 1: Self-Assessment of Job Skills and Experience

Do yourself

Check Your Understanding: "Set SMART goals to get ahead in your career"

1.identifying the steps to reach that goal
2.Have new experiences,Increase professional knowledge and training,Make more money
3.Work as a web designer for 5 years at a small 
   company, then start my own graphic design company.
4.Have a partner,Write your goals,Set a deadline

Check Your Understanding: "Facebook Launches Job Search Feature for Low-Skilled Workers"

1.42 countries
2.submit applications to employers,schedule interviews,use information from the profile to complete application
3.protect their pictures from being used without permission

Check your Understanding: "Using the Internet and Social Media to Search for a Job"
1.The talents and abilities they can offer an organization
2.Using social media sites
3.Consider current employees
4.True
5.Twitter,Facebook,LinkedIn

Peer-graded Assignment: Unit 1 Assessment 2: Written Comparison of the Job Search Process
Title: Title will be same as question
As I'm a civil servant, I do know well the process of the board exams to become a civil servant, but i've to admit I've never been in a jon interview! I guess in Spain it is much the same as in the United States, since many companies hire International Consultants to make their employees selection. Another option is the personal search through relatives, friends, former teachers, former employers. I think this is one of the most usual methods of entering a job in my country. Also, many students get their jobs from their internships in different companies, where they finish their degree and start their professional lives. Finally, there is a Job finding office in each region, but it's most about employment exchanges and things like that, and it's focused on non-skilled jobs, as a waiter, cleaning services, etc.
WEEK-2
Check Your Understanding: "Resume Guide: The Basic Elements"
1.False
2.True
3.True
4.False

Check Your Understanding: "Connecting Employers with Job Seekers in Today's Economy"

1.True
2.A computer program that matches keywords between job postings, resumes, and other documents
3.The program will lead to better matches.
4.Write job advertisements that are understandable,Train hiring managers to better understand the companies or businesses
5.Be clear about how they can help the company

Check your Understanding: "Using Keywords Effectively"

1.Makes you sound credible (sound like you are who you say you are),
Gets an employer's attention when they are looking for a match,
Makes you sound like you're a team player
2.Job Titles,Qualifications,Responsibilities
3.multi-lingual speaker,Office Manager,Experience managing a busy office environment

Unit 2: Assessment 1: Resume Template Quiz

1.Name and Contact Information
2.Summary and Objective
3.Education
4.Publications
5.Work Experience
6.Publications

Peer-graded Assignment: Unit 2 Assessment 2: Peer Review of Resume
Title: Title will be same as question
thinktomake966*******- *******@outlook.com Objective:customer service officer Education: bachelor of management GBA:70 Experience: I was increase the marketing al though the risis present And developed all the good skills

WEEK-3

Check Your Understanding: "Sample Cover Letters"

1.Tomoko Martin
2.the writer of the letter
3.the date of the letter
4.the writer's signature

Unit 3 Assessment 1: Quiz on Letter Format

1.the heading
2.the salutation
3.three paragraphs
4.the closing

Check Your Understanding: "Parts of the Cover Letter"

1.false
2.
to introduce yourself to an employer
to describe your skills
to show your interest in the job
to show your achievements
to learn more about the company
to meet new people
3.true
4.All of the above
5.2 or 3 specific examples of your skills

Check Your Understanding: "Why an Old-Fashioned Cover Letter Still Matters"

1.True
2.True
3.False
4.True
5.False

Peer-graded Assignment: Unit 3 Assessment 2: Cover Letter
Title: Title will be same as question
JUNIOR ENGINEER POST KTPS 
Email:-thinktomake@gmail.com
 Cell:-9123456787 
Address:-srinagar ,H:no-11-1-116/8 Dammapeta centre, palwancha.
O&M Hiring Manager C-Block K.T.P.S 5th stage palwancha 6589-589-7415 Hiring&m@gmail.com
Dear [Hari Haran sir]. 
“I Am” writing to apply for Junior Engineer opening in K.T.P.S at Palwancha. As I am a fresher so I had no relevant work experience but as per my study and knowledge concern I had good working knowledge and the job is closely related to what is studied which has been mentioned in your job advertisement. In my role as Junior Engineer for K.T.P.S, I proved to be an efficient, enthusiastic, and better employer. My value quickly becomes apparent to organization after I singly manage the work assigned to me as a part of that I do always work for the growth of organization. I put my skills and knowledge as far as concern for the success of the organization. Junior Engineer post would be benefit from my skills in the following areas: Excellent Academic Background percentage Ability to use different types of methods for problem solving Positive attitude even under pressure Ability to work in any geographical condition I believe my skills and attitude will be great success for many years to come, and my extensive dedication towards work ensure your establishment succeeds well into the future, my time spent in this industry has prepared me for such an opportunity, and I sincerely hope I can contribute soon as a member of your Organization. Yours Sincerely, 
Think Tomake
WEEK-4

Check Your Understanding: "Networking During the Job Search"

1.False
2.True
3.True
4.False
5.True

Check Your Understanding: "Networking doesn't happen overnight"

1.needs a lot of time to build relationships
2.polite and positive
3.what
you want the other person to do  
4.make it comfortable for people to say no
5.offer to help the other person in some
Way

Peer-graded Assignment: Unit 4 Assessment 1: Written Networking Elevator Speech
Title: Title will be same as question
Hello, I am Anagha A. Pande, Currently working as an accountant at Star limited. I am a very enthusiastic and determined girl, having good knowledge of various languages and also completed my MBA in marketing. I am looking for new job opportunities in marketing and sales. Is there any vacancy in the xyz organization ???

WEEK-5

Check Your Understanding: Interview Tips

1.Prepare examples or stories that show their skills and qualifications
2.false
3.Extra copies of your resume,A pen and paper to take notes,
A list of references or reference letters
4.Shake hands firmly (if offered),Keep eye contact with the interviewer,Answer all questions directly and honestly
5.true

Check Your Understanding: Five Illegal Job Interview Questions in the US

1.not ok
2.ok
3.not ok
4.not ok
5.ok
6.not ok
7.not ok

Unit 5 Assessment 1: Written Answer to Interview Question

Write Good !!!
